updated merge vector layers (#6307)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/vectorgeneral.rst

Combines multiple vector layers of the **same geometry** type into a
single one.

If attributes tables are different, in the attribute table of the
resulting layer the fields from all input layers

> referencing the input layer name and its path will be appended.

Reviewer: This looks quite different from the alg main behavior, doesn't it? We lose the info that it keeps fields from others. And normally (in 99% of cases), there wouldn't be a field in original layers referencing the layer name or path. Or am I misreading?

> If attributes tables are different, in the attribute table of the
> resulting layer the fields from all input layers
> referencing the input layer name and its path will be appended.

Reviewer: @lajunek This should be the final description of the algorithm at https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/pull/40336/files#diff-346fad78bf045847b90d07ad4426c297946f691121de0a7fe33c3fc200f910afR62-R68
```suggestion
The attribute table of the resulting layer will contain the fields from all
input layers. If fields with the same name but different types are found then
the exported field will be automatically converted into a string type field.
New fields storing the original layer name and source are also added.
```

If attributes tables are different, the attribute table of the
resulting layer will contain the attributes from all input layers.

> New attributes will be added for the original layer name and source.

Reviewer: @lajunek What does "new attributes" refer to? I see this sentence in the GUI but it's unclear to me and so are "the original name and source". I think it's some leftover...
And I'm not sure this addresses the linked issue. From my understanding of the report, if you have:
* `layer A: id (int), name (string), code (int), area (double)`
* `layer B: id (int), name (string), code (string), surf(double)`

You now get `layer C:  id (int), name (string), code (string), area(double), surf(double)`, while you previously got (I didn't check - just assuming) `layer C: id (int), name (string), code (int), area(double), code_1 (string), surf(double)`. The "code" fields are merged into one field and converted to string.

Author: @DelazJ maybe it's a good idea to ask the programmers?

Reviewer: let's see what https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/pull/40336 outputs...

Author: @DelazJ is it that there will be a new issue soon reporting that there is error report when fields don't have the same format?
If yes I will continue writing after the programmers commits

Reviewer: > @DelazJ is it that there will be a new issue soon reporting that there is error report when fields don't have the same format?

No, the reportError discussion is about showing a message in the  alg log panel, when the alg is run. Not something we document
I'd say, let's wait and copy what would be merged in that PR (So we are inline with the GUI and provide all the necessary information)

> New attributes will be added for the original layer name and source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Should not be necessary

Reviewer: Actually, it's. I just tested the alg; the output layer contains two others fields referencing the input layer name and its path. I don't find the formulation obvious, that said.
